{OK, so.
This is session 2.
Can you see two types of
pictures in the study? The first
type is a complex scene and
describe it in as much detail as
you can and take between three
and five minutes, OK?}
{And you can start when you're
ready.}
#START_birthday_party_fun OK.
This is a birthday party scene.
Once again, lots of people. Lots
of.
children as well as family as
well as.
Many people dressed in costumes.
There are many activities taking
place. To the right of the the
page there is a bouncing castle.
Many of those who are bouncing
are in costumes I see Spiderman
or bat or rabbit frog as well as
people sliding down from the the
castle.
There are people who are dressed
in animals.
Elephants, giraffe, lions.
I see a clown.
I guess. But the clown is
actually looking more serious
than the rest of the the people.
I see.
Witch, as well as a Princess,
there's a group of people
playing in an inflatable pool.
Which suggests this must be
sometime in the summer or in
early fall. It is taking place
outdoors in some kind of a
either a park or somebody's
home. There is, there seems to
be a house next to the party, so
it could be somebody's house.
To there's a table that has a
lot of food for the guests,
including a.
A couple of cupcakes and a
birthday cake.
There are angels and fairy tale
fairy fairy princesses.
There's also a an activity that
is taking place with a.
Yes, that's called a it's it's
slamming a paper mache.
With blindfolds I can't my my
mind is disappearing as to what
you call this actual game.
But it's close to a tree because
the the paper mache is is hooked
to a tree. There's also like a
tug of war that's taking place
between.
the Group.
And it seems right now they are
both competing to push the other
down. There's like 112344 4
people on each side. There's
also a table close to the
entrance where there are.
Um, putting the birthday gifts.
There seems to be quite a large
number of birthday gifts, and it
looks as though there is a a
parent, maybe like a father and
a mother who is.
Giving a box to a girl, but you
can't see the girl's face, so I
don't know if the girl is.
The birthday girl or whether the
is it is it. She's been invited
to give the the gift to the the
girl. It's hard to tell who is
actually the the party.
who the party is for I do see
another big cake that is is
being about to be placed onto
the big table by another person.
It looks as though 12347, the
birthday person, is going to be
7 years old.
There's some more people coming
and going from the entrance to
the to the backyard.
And so it seems to be, for the
most part, slightly chaotic, but
managed well. At this point it
must have been.
#END_birthday_party_fun It must
have been a a costume party
slash birthday party. But at
this point I still can't find
the person who's the birthday is
for. {All right good, so that
was just over 4 minutes. We can
move on to the next item. Again,
this is a complex scene.}
{And you can start when you're
ready.}
#START_ancient_rome Ohh, this is
another.
Two page, um, part of this book
that really depicts a lot of
people. I can't. I can't imagine
how many people there, there
there is at this point, but it
takes place. Looks like it's an
ancient Rome or Greek.
Um.
Kind of like a a game fighting
scene that's taking place.
The actual it's it's taking
place in around Arena where
there are spectators on one side
cheering on.
I guess it is a fight between
men and animals. And on the
other scene, on the other side
of the arena, I do see a a a
royal couple who's sitting on
also observing, as well as a lot
of guards.
And.
I do see at one side that there
is a a group of lions that have
actually pyramided themselves,
123456788 lions that have
pyramided themselves enough so
that the lions are actually now.
at the spectators.
seating area, which has caused a
bit of disruption on the lower
on the upper left side of the
the page.
Which is very interesting how
this has been done without the
lions being trained on the the
rest of the the the arena. Ohh
this, it says games in ancient
Rome. So this is this isn't
depiction of what's happening in
ancient Rome. There's a lot of
animals I see, mostly lions but
also leopards or that are trying
to fight.
Against.
The men's men are carrying
swords and protectors.
Since there are also some
fighting that are taking place
between men.
With each other and not animals.
So there's a lot of activities
that's going on and.
But there's also to the middle
left side there's a group of
horses being dragged.
Or is is it looks like it's like
a plow
Plant.
A horse that's pulling a person
who has just run over.
Another person, and I don't know
if it's a race, oh, there is
another race. That's oh, there
is. There's actually now I see
there's a couple of races that
are taking place with a number
of of horses pulling a man,
although there is one.
That shows the opposite of four
men pulling a horse.
Which is also, I guess it's
showing how fast they're running
because there's there's like
123456 people who have been run
over by this race that's taking
place kind of in the middle of
of the arena with everything
else that's going on. So it is
fairly.
A chaotic scene.
There's also.
Another ladder that's going up
on the to the right corner of
the page with 1234 people trying
to go up.
And also to the spectators
level, but is being suppressed.
So in many ways the lion was
much more successful in getting
to the spectators than the man
and the men for the most part.
There are a number of.
What's interesting is that the
spectators to the bottom of the
page.
They seem to be cheering. They
all seem to be mostly men. It's
difficult to see because they're
not really showing their faces.
But I don't own maybe one or two
women, but for the most part,
this is a male activity. The
only.
The female that I see here is
the Princess, one of the the
royal couple.
#END_ancient_rome Depicts
depicting how it was like in the
ancient Roman times as well.
{All right, that was about 5
minutes, OK.
OK, so.
Now we're going into a different
type of pictures of the graphic
novels. This one in particular
is about 6 pages, OK?}
{We're aiming for between 10 to
15 minutes, OK?}
#START_arrival-6 This is a
series of of of illustrations
that show.
Um.
I see a a pot. It starts from
left to right.
And I see and it's in not black
and white, but in.
Light, silver or light.
It's not. It's not in in a
colorful way, but it depicts.
The illustration is very warm in
the sense of how the color is
used.
To it shows a a pot in one scene
and an animal flies over. An
unusual looking animal flies
over to the pot.
To drop something into the pot.
The pot is now being shown.
With a man writing a letter.
And it looks as though it's at
the end, it's in the evening,
he's writing a letter and he's
folding the letter in the shape
of a a bird and he's now putting
it in an envelope with looks
like they are tickets of maybe
for a rail pass or
transportation. He licks the
envelope and places the stamp
and is about to take the letter
down.
Outside with another animal that
is looking more like a fantasy.
Unusual animal, he is then now
talking to somebody, a woman who
is also carrying another
unusual.
Animal with a tail and a basket,
and she is actually pointing.
Maybe to help him direct where
the post box is, he gets to the
post box, which is also a fairly
unusual looking post box.
And he's reading and then opens
the.
The post box with the puller.
Drops off the envelope, then he
looks up.
And he sees that actually the
the post box is now sailed away.
because it is high up in
the sky overlooking a valley as
as the man is walking away.
Um.
The first picture shows a leaf
that's standing in in the ground
and as the leaf gets water.
It is actually growing, but it's
also splitting up into.
In it is is is forming from one
leaf to possibly 2 leaf.
But then it shows that it was
actually a flower, or a flower
of some kind of growth.
Looks like a flower, and it's
actually gotten to be a bigger
flower that seems to illuminate
light.
And then?
At times it is not showing. It
is not illuminating, but.
It looks as though there are
dragonfly like insects that are
flying around maybe.
Planting eggs onto the flower.
The flower then is as a.
Showing signs of where it looks
as though.
{Oh, I'm wondering whether I'm
I'm maybe going in a different
sequence, because now I've
noticed that.}
{For this page, it looks as
though the pictures are all
going in sequence from left to
right. I'm sorry I wasn't. I was
going left one side going down,
} but it looks as though this
page is showing four different
kinds of plants.
That are showing ways in which
it's growing and also then
decaying.
One is a shape of a leaf that
looks as though it's about to
become like a butterfly, but
then it becomes.
{No, I actually now see. OK.
It's a different sequence,
sorry.} It's changing. It's
changing from.
It opens up almost like a
butterfly and it exposes like a
flower. The flower is now
starting to drop the leaf, but
the flower part itself is is
beginning to grow.
At the height of its growth, it
is illuminating light, and it's
also producing a lot of.
Not petals, but.
Petal likes. I don't know if
it's producing seeds of that
kind, but it is being whisked
away with the wind.
And as the flower slowly changes
its shape, it becomes from
illuminated bright.
Just slowly showing.
Signs that it's past its peak.
Now on the third column, 3rd row
of the of the pages.
There are insects like.
There are insects that are
coming to the flower.
And it is.
It has created 123456 seeds, 6
big seeds almost like eggs.
And they have dropped onto the
floor onto the ground and are
being taken by these insects
like creatures and it looks as
though that seems to be the end
of the the Leafs.
Life as once the eggs are
dropped.
There are several sequences of
pictures showing that the leaf
is showing signs of decay.
It's it's turning from black.
To the black is slowly becoming
crumpled up and now looking
like.
Towards the end, it's no longer
looking like a black flower or a
black leaf, but more like A and
hold.
Transparent.
Shape.
It almost looks like a.
Snowflake as I see that the
ground is beginning to be
covered with snow, OK.
This is an image of another
fantasy like picture of either a
factory.
It's in an urban setting.
I do see either people, but
they're very, very small.
It is in the winter time, I
think, because there seems to be
things.
That are covered in white.
From there and not very many
trees.
Umm.
And the main picture is focused
on the on a.
A building structure.
That kind of looks like a.
Umm.
That kind of looks like a
factory of some kind, because it
has one two chimneys.
Homes that are producing smoke.
And on the top of the structure
is another.
Area where
People could either walk or.
I guess in.
It could look like a an open
area where people can can walk.
It shows how big it is because I
think to the lower left.
There are.
Signs that there might be
people, but that they're almost
like dots. So I think it's also
showing how big the structure is
actually is in proportion to.
There's another big structure to
the to the back of the the the
factory, but it's taller.
But it has very small windows in
proportion and also it also has
some kind of a almost.
Like a playground effect.
On top of the roof.
There seems to be another.
Like a tribal Native American
like tent.
Like structure to the right with
a big window, but a pointed
Roof.
And then in the background there
seems to be other.
Structures with tall chimneys.
And some flying objects they
look like.
They look like ships, but um.
They're shaped in the form of a
of ships, but there seems to be
a few of them flying around.
OK.
I think I now see OK, the.
This page starts off with the
the the jar where.
Um and.
Just a picture of the jar and
then the flying bird. An unusual
looking bird is about to feed.
Um 3.
Baby birds that are in the pot.
Meanwhile, there's one big one
larger picture frame which shows
on the pot in the background,
and a picture of a man sitting
on a bed.
Looks like it's more like during
the day because there's light
coming out from the window.
Um, and he is sitting.
On the bed facing the window,
but he holds a picture of his
family. I think the family is a
girl himself.
And his his partner there is a
an animal that.
Also walk with him to the post
box that is also lying on this
bed.
And there's a few laundry.
Hanging from the.
Uh against the wall would
suggest that he this is not a
hotel room. That is a room that
he lives and he's been living
there for, for a longer than a
hotel stay. That there is a
chair and a desk and a couple of
books that suggest that he is a
very studious.
Or an academic oriented person.
The then the picture frame
focuses on the animal that was
sleeping on the bed, but then he
wakes up and he jumps off the
bed.
The the man notices that the the
animal jumps off and as the
animal is going down a ladder.
To the lower level.
He himself also.
Goes down the ladder. The animal
finds a letter that was some
placed in from out, which is on
the floor. The man picks up the
letter.
Um, he opens it up and he sees
that there is a a letter that
has been folded in the shape of
a bird. He reads the the letter
after he opens up the bird with.
A look of a content and then
he's also looking outside the
window with the with the letter
in his hand and he's looking up.
There's another picture of a
another origami like paper
creature that's been made by
somebody.
Um and.
I don't know what this is. Is
that an oven?
Or a furnace.
Some kind of an unusual object
that I've never seen, but it
looks like they had. It's had a
big hole.
And two dishes that are are are
visible, and it's a a pointed
shape with that little chimney
to the side. Then there's a
picture of him in his hat and a
A cloth that's hanging against
the wall of a hook.
And another image that is of a
bowl.
either.
kind of an unusual plant.
That looks like an artichoke,
but it could also look like a
fish or a mouse. And then
there's a picture in the
background of an egg in a spoon
like.
In this spoon near the bowl,
there's a more detailed picture
of a drawing. Looks like it was
being drawn by a child of.
Of a of a plane or a ship that's
acts as a plane and there's a
person inside it.
I still can't figure out what
this is.
There's an unusual tool.
there is an image of an unusual
tool or a machine that I don't
know how to describe.
Could it be like a coffee maker?
Maybe it's a coffee machine,
because if the next picture is a
picture of an unusual coffee
cup.
And on top of either a newspaper
or a fabric with writing. And
then the image is of his family
with the girl and his wife. The
image that he was holding the
family portrait when he was
sitting on the bed. And then
there's an image of a man giving
either a woman or a girl.
A coin or a button, something
round, and he's about to place
it on her hand.
So it was a. The image is now
bigger.
With the man giving a either a
coin or something round to a
little girl.
And she's facing him and he has
three fingers pointed and
they're exchanged in a dialogue.
He looks happy. The mother is
also sitting at the table and
they're having.
Either a fruit or and coffee
that's being placed on the
table. The animal is by the
girl's foot.
Is seeking attention from the
girl. It looks to be in a.
In the kitchen dining room area,
there's pictures of of drawings
by the girl that's actually put
up.
On the wall against the wall.
Um, the picture frame is also on
on the.
Is also placed.
On a shelving.
In this room along with the
folded origami.
Of a creature, so it looks as
though.
The picture that was drawn was
giving was sent.
By the girl to the father.
As well as the origami.
And the image of of the.
Of the.
So there these are all of the
previous.
Looks as though there were
memories of him as he was going
through his house and the room
that he liked to be with his
family. The girl is now putting
on her boots.
And the animal has given her a
hat so that she can place it on
her head. She is running.
Outside and down the stairs with
the animal and they stop.
She points to either a flower or
some kind of a.
A button as the animal looks on
and then.
#END_arrival-6 She's holding
something that is illuminating
in the light.
{All right. So that's this part
of the story.}
{And now for the next item. It
is a complex scene.}
#START_waldo-1 Um, so another
picture from the Waldo series.
I guess you're supposed to find
Waldo in a picture that.
Looks to be like a urban Town
Center.
Right in the middle of the town
is a fountain.
Uh, I would say it's a town
square. There's a fountain and
people are walking, as well as a
couple of cars are going in
different directions.
Umm.
There seems to be.
A mixture of people walking,
running on scooters, on bikes.
Umm.
To the lower bottom of the page
there seems to be a market open
air, open air market that's
taking place.
Either selling flowers or
selling.
Umm.
Hard to tell what that is, but
there's a couple of outdoor
vendor vendors and people are
wandering as well as looking.
There are a number of cars on
the picture. There's actually
one accident that has taken
place in the center of of the of
the page, near the town square.
The town square is humorous in
the sense that there is a a
person in on top of the fountain
dressed as though he's about to
go scuba diving and people are
watching.
And uh.
There also seems to be some
workers that are working
cleaning the windows.
But he seems is has dropped his
tool and it's about to land on
somebody who is below him.
There's also another worker.
Group. They're supposed to be
mopping.
But instead on the rooftop.
They are pretending like they're
playing battlefield or or joking
around while one person is
actually just sitting and
feeding the birds. So they're
supposed to be working, but
they're not. There's another
group of workers on another part
of the roof to the to the right
hand side. I think they're
supposed to be checking the
electricity.
Umm.
And that's on the rooftop. There
are also people who are.
Walking as well as showing
their.
Faces through the windows of the
building. One person is watering
the.
Watering the plant.
Another person is just saying
hello to people.
One person is, I think, sitting
on the windowsill
Either with a fan.
Or watching TV, it's hard to
tell. There's another accident
that's taking place at the top
corner of the page between 2
cyclists, and it looks as though
it just happened because people
are running to help them and
there's also a school.
Near that accident, because the
children must have.
About to.
Go to school or come.
Leave the school, but there's a
lot of children going in and out
of the building as the principal
or the teacher says greets them.
Hello there is a.
There's another scene on the
roof where.
Two people are trying to rescue
a dog that seemed to have landed
on the roof by accident.
#END_waldo-1 They're trying to
grab the dog's leash so that
they can rescue the dog. So
there's a lot of activity that's
taking place both on the
rooftops as well as on the
ground, as well as through the
windows.
{OK.
How long was that it was about?
5 minutes. OK, alright, so let's
take a break.}
{Continuing on, this item is a
graphic novel that's about 20
pages.
For between 10 and 15 minutes to
tell the story.}
#START_quest It is a picture of.
A location seems to be sometimes
somewhere in the park.
Um, there are two characters,
and the and the and the and the
page looks like a boy.
Two boys or a boy and a girl?
Hard to tell.
It is mostly in color.
It looks as though it's raining.
And there is a little bit of
illumination that's taking place
as the boys.
To to.
Children are under a bridge and
they're staying outside of the
rain.
The bridge seems to be located
at a park.
Because there are two park
benches.
They are close to a lamp pole
and they seem to have arrived at
this location by bike to two
person bike and looks as though
they're just trying to stay away
from the rain. There seems to be
a bird, a purple bird on one of
the.
Boys shoulder.
Umm.
All of a sudden, the door.
To under the bridge that they
were staying underneath the
bridge has.
Um quickly opened.
Because.
It looks as though they were
almost pushed open by the door.
There is a person that's come
out from the door.
A man with a an orange costume
and a beard and wearing a crown.
Um, he's showing the two boys a
picture.
A map of some sort, but is also
telling them to be quiet.
The bird is also kind of scared
off when they the person
abruptly opened the door because
he is flying off the the child's
shoulder.
Um, the man is pointing to the
map.
And giving the two boys
instructions and then all of a
sudden there are two armed men
who pulls
The man away from the boys and
telling him to come back into a
a room.
He in the means, in the midst of
of being pulled away, drops a an
orange tube on the floor.
And is being pulled away and
taken back into the room.
The room door has closed.
The boys are now.
Looking at having the orange
tube.
Ah, it looks as though they seem
to fit.
Umm.
There are keys.
Umm.
That have that will allow them,
the boys, to open the door and
then once the keys have opened
the door they rush in with the
bird.
They get to a point that the
scene of the the the page is the
two boys have have arrived at a
very different scene.
They seem to have come in from
under a tunnel cave.
And are looking from afar.
At the old man in dressed in
orange, who is at the base of a
large.
castle or at the start of a.
Oh no, it's actually a boat. OK,
got it. The boat is sailing
away.
And the man is being held
hostage by the two army men.
They're dressed in medieval
times.
The people who are on the boat
as well as the army and they're
about to be whisked.
Driving away from the two boys
that are looking.
At the scene, but from afar
away.
They are looking at a there's a
river that's in between them.
And it looks as though it's a
medieval town, an entry to a
town.
There are also some flying
objects onto the sky, as well as
some chaos that's taking place
because one of the towers.
Of the town is actually burning,
there's another fire that's
actually taking place at the
base of the tower as well. So
there's a little bit of
corruption or disruption that's
taking place at this medieval
town.
The boy's, meanwhile, are still
hiding.
But they are now looking at this
map that the old man had given
to the boy.
And the map shows.
12346 circles.
Um.
I think there are locations of
this medieval city that they
have arrived at.
Umm.
It seems like people are
escaping and leaving this
medieval town because there are
three, at least three fires that
are taking place. So don't know
if it's like a war that's taking
place or there's chaos or
corruption.
And the the image of the map
shows that the boy.
The boy needs to. The boys are
pointing that they need to get
to the first location, which
seems to be underground because
there are fish and it's
highlighted in yellow.
The boys are waiting until the
medieval soldiers.
Uh have have.
They look, they seem to be
looking for somebody, and so
they're waiting until they find
an opportunity. They're still
hiding behind the rock along the
river. They both.
Are now.
About to get into the water.
Meanwhile, they be. They have
been.
They're about to get into the
water because one of the boys.
Now have.
Umm.
Of the flippers for the water.
And this second boy seems to be
holding on to.
An octopus, leg of an octopus.
And they dive into the river.
Ohh I see. OK, so somehow they
are now able to draw items that
they need and are able to obtain
it. So they were able to obtain.
Oxygen masks as well as flippers
so that they could go
underground. Even the the bird
now has an oxygen mask and a
tank and they are both being
guided by this very large
octopus purple octopus creature
who is heading down towards the
side of the the first map point
that they have to go to, which
is.
Um a
A city that was buried under the
water.
But it seems to be showing some
light and they're they're
swimming towards that
destination.
Umm.
Let's see.
When they get to, uh this
Ancient underground.
Uh, remains, they find.
This is if they find another
item that could potentially be a
key and one of the.
Underground underwater statues
that are that has since.
Umm.
Probably been shown on the map
they seem to have located.
Meanwhile, they have been found
underwater by the soldiers. The
soldiers.
I think that the the head of
this soldier might be the person
that's a leader because he's
wearing a gold outfit and he is
telling his soldiers to follow
the two boys who are now being
pulled up.
By the large purple octopus to
get to the next destination.
Um, the boys have arrived.
At a an island that looks more
tropical, there are about to
take off. One has taken off his
oxygen tank and his.
Uh is now running up the hill
with his shoes and.
Looks as though these are the
items that they hold.
Are large crayons that they can
draw so that they can obtain the
things that they need. So.
Like the shoes and the flippers,
I think they drew them back, the
shoes that he has drawn them
back so that he can have shoes
again.
And the second picture to the
right shows that the boys are
about to draw the next item that
they need for their.
In their in search for their
item that they need to need to
find.
Oh, so they drew a a rhinoceros
that is going to be used that is
used as a traveling
transportation. The two boys are
sitting on a purple rhinoceros.
And is heading into another town
that is.
Almost like another.
Medieval.
Ohh town but is full of of
trees. It looks tropical.
Now and that they are on a road
heading into the gates of a of
an almost like a Mayan like town
that has many structures.
So once again, it looks as
though it's it's taking place at
a different point in time.
There seems to be an A further
distance a bridge that's has
fallen.
Falling off and there is light.
Um, that
Is the bridge. The bridge that's
fallen is connected to a
structure that seems to.
Have some kind of illumination
at a top of a tower.
There is a more careful.
Picture of of the two boys. A
closer picture of the two boys
on a bridge that looked.
Unstable, but seems to still
work because they are running
towards the.
The structure that has the
light, the bird is also still
with them guiding the way.
And it looks like it's during
the day.
Hmm.
Ohh OK.
Now.
The two boys have reached the
top of the tower structure.
Um, they are now looking towards
the medieval soldiers that are
actually coming after them, who
are 1234. At least five of them
are actually running on a very
unstable bridge.
And the bird and the two boys
are watching as the medieval
soldiers are coming after them,
and so they are now once again
trying to draw something so that
they could use it for their
next.
Escape.
Yes, now I think. I think now
looks as though it's a boy and a
girl.
They are about to they barely
escape from the medieval army
soldiers who are trying to
capture them because they were
able to draw with their magic
crayons.
A picture of a big swing.
As it is being pulled by a very
large purple dragonfly.
And the dragonfly and the swing.
Have given them.
A ride to their next
destination, which is at the top
of top of a mountain.
At the top of a temple because
there is an image of a praying.
Statue.
On the structure that they land
on top of. Meanwhile, you see
pictures of the Army soldiers
still chasing after them. Now on
kind of balloon
Planes blimps.
The the the boy and a girl seems
to be able to collect these
items. The these tubes that are
now in 1234566 different colors
carrying it like a belt.
And the other boy is holding on
to the mat.
However, now they are being
surrounded by 12345.
Balloon airplanes that are being
flown by the medieval.
Soldiers. There is one creature.
There's one person that is
dressed in gold.
He seems to be the leader and
he's about to grab onto the
bird.
The purple bird that's been with
them throughout this adventure.
And there's another group of
army soldiers who is holding on
to a bird cage. And so the idea
is for the for the, the leader
of this military.
Armed to capture the bird.
However, the bird escapes after
grabbing the belt that has the
tubes the the different colored
tubes and this tube is actually
allowing the boy and the girl.
To maybe walk on as part of a
rainbow, there are two 123.
I ballooned.
Airplanes that have been
disrupted by the power of the
birds flying.
On carrying this magical belt
with colors and the boys are oh,
go ahead, go ahead.
And it looks as though the bird
was able to draw using the Magic
belt draw a large, very large
rainbow that is in multi colors.
That.
Starts from the top of the
temple where the two boys were
all the way to the boat that was
actually carrying the old man.
And who has who has also been
Previously captured, it looks
like it was a long way, but
because of the birds ability to
use the magic belt.
The old man is looking at.
The other range of the other end
of the rainbow, where he
believes that he knows that he
has been rescued by the boys or
the boy and the girl.
The picture now we see is.
Of.
The man who must have been like
a king or somebody quite
powerful at the 1st.
Medieval town.
He is being whisked on top of
the rhinoceros with the boy and
a girl also joining. They are
leading a parade of of people
who are coming back to the
medieval town.
Um, that is no longer occupied
by the military soldiers. But
have been rescued.
By the two, by the boy and a
girl and the bird.
Um, so they're walking back.
They're they're being escorted
back to the medieval town. The
medieval town now has the
rainbow in the back. There are
people waving and and showing
signs of of welcoming. The man,
as well as the purple octopus is
also.
In.
The bed of the river.
Um, showing that he was also.
A participant of this adventure.
And.
Um.
Now the old man is helping the
the children get off the
rhinoceros and back closer to
the entrance to The Cave where
they first entered the medieval
town. He's helping the girl get
off the rhinoceros and down the
stairs, closer onto the steps.
They're octopuses also close by.
The Purple bird is also close
by.
Well, the the man is now drawing
what looks to be a crown.
Which he has drawn to.
And he has placed each of the
crown onto the boy and the girl
as they waved goodbye and enter
back into The Cave entrance that
will lead them back to the park
entrance of the. The king is
very grateful. He shows a lot of
gratitude by placing 2 hands
together and the two boy and the
and the children waved goodbye.
And the final picture is of.
The boy and the girl coming back
into their own world with a
rainbow.
At the.
#END_quest Also visible in the
sky.
{Please tell us this story. Nice
story, yeah.}
{OK, switching it up this time
though with the complex scene.
Oh, do you need to see me?
That's fine, because I have to
hold the computer quite close to
me, so that's fine, yeah.}
#START_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
OK, I think this is another
scene of the Waldo.
Series.
This is a picture.
Also lots of people.
But it's saying that it's of
dinosaur spacemen and ghouls. So
it's a mixture of it looks as
though it's even like.
It is set in a filming studio.
And various areas have different
themes. So there's one area that
shows a group of people in a
space.
Uh, in in in outer space.
There's like 1234567.
Um, spaceships and a group of.
Spaceman, as well as a upside
down rocket ship that seems to
have landed incorrectly because
it is facing down.
Um.
But I think they're trying to
show that these spacemen are
flying because they're all
harnessed.
On strings but.
It looks like they don't really
have good grasps of their
movement because a few of them
have landed on the floor. There
seems to also be.
Outer creature type.
Um.
Figures interspersed with the
spaceman.
In this scene.
It's funny that there's there's
a guy on a ladder that's still
trying to paint the the sky to
the that showing that it's outer
space.
So it looks as though they're
doing it in a very haphazard
way. There is a.
Into the right side with picture
there is a man who is.
Trying to film.
Many of these scenes with a big
camera.
On a.
On a crane like structure.
But it's hard to tell whether
he's taking a picture of these,
the outer space scene, or
there's actually a scene to the
left of the page.
Of the medieval, not even the
medieval times. The Cavemen ages
where there are dinosaurs and a
group of of Cavemen who are
either dancing or fighting or
being scared though.
The dinosaurs and other
dinosaurs look very scary. They
all seem a little silly because
even one dinosaur that's asleep.
Or is it another dinosaur that
doesn't mind being written upon
or drawn upon by the caveman
There is another.
Uh.
Dinosaur that looks as though
he's being tickled.
Um.
And this is also a part of a a
scene in a in a.
It's a studio because there are
lights at the top of the page
that shows that this is all
fake. There's also like a fake
volcano and part of the scene
between the dinosaurs and the
caveman.
To the left corner, bottom of
the of this stage or the or the
page is actual.
Actors.
What do you call the powder
rooms?
There are actors getting ready.
For these various films, films.
Production scenes they're in the
changing rooms, they're getting
costumes. Some of them are
having their facial and their
makeup done.
Um.
And then in the middle of.
There is one there. There's
another scene that is being
filmed.
Hard to tell what it is. It's
taking place in a.
Maybe it's like supposed to be
like a scary picture because
there's some mummies.
And a tree that looks as though
it's supposed to talk, and a lot
of.
Just eyes staring from the
window.
There's some bats, so it's I
think it's supposed to be a
scary scene.
But intermixed with the mummies,
there's some.
People dressed as goats, ghosts.
There's actually like a dinosaur
that's also from another scene
that's being part of this this
filming. And then the final
filming scene takes place in a.
Either a cafeteria or maybe it's
not even a filming screen. Maybe
it's part of the the actors.
Umm.
Feeding the actors and actresses
and people who are part of the
film.
Crew food because it looks like
it's.
It's a cafeteria. People are
eating. Some people are dressed
in costumes, other people are
Just trying to grab some food.
There's a caveman, there's a
dinosaur, there's a.
#END_dinosaurs_spacemen_and_ghouls
A space person, they're all
intermingled in a very busy
cafeteria.
{All right.
So let's.}